Hud10837/mosaic rule (#847)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android: kotlin/apply-mosaic-rule-rasters/README.md

# Apply mosaic rule to rasters

Apply mosaic rule to a mosaic dataset of rasters.

> ![Apply mosaic rule to rasters](apply-mosaic-rule-rasters.png)

Author: ignoring these as discussed because currently the name of the screenshot matches the package and module names

> ![Apply mosaic rule to rasters](apply-mosaic-rule-rasters.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Image of apply mosaic rule to rasters](apply-mosaic-rule-rasters.png)
```

Specifying mosaic rules is useful for viewing overlapping rasters. For example, using the "By Attribute" mosaic method to sort the rasters based on their acquisition date allows the newest image to be on top. Using "mean" mosaic operation makes the overlapping areas contain the mean cell values from all the overlapping rasters.

## How to use the sample

When the rasters are loaded, choose from a list of preset mosaic rules to apply to the rasters.

## How it works

1. Create an `ImageServiceRaster` using the service's URL.
2. Create a `MosaicRule` object and set it to the `mosaicRule` property of the image service raster, if it does not specify a mosaic rule.
3. Create a `RasterLayer` from the image service raster and add it to the map.
4. Set the `mosaicMethod`, `mosaicOperation` and other properties of the mosaic rule object accordingly to specify the rule on the raster dataset.

## Relevant API

* ImageServiceRaster
* MosaicMethod
* MosaicOperation
* MosaicRule

## About the data

> This sample uses a [raster image service](https://sampleserver7.arcgisonline.com/arcgis/rest/services/amberg_germany/ImageServer) hosted on *ArcGIS Online* that shows aerial images of Amberg, Germany.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample uses data from the [Amberg, Germany ImageServer](https://sampleserver7.arcgisonline.com/arcgis/rest/services/amberg_germany/ImageServer) which hosts a mosaic dataset containing several orthophoto TIFF images of Amberg, Germany.
```
